---
title: "Primary Instructor - Physics 103"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/summer-2014-103
university: "University of Arizona"
date: 2014-07-01
semester: "Summer 2014"
---

I was the primary instructor for the summer session of Physics 103 in 2014 at the University of Arizona for about 60 students. 
Physics 103 is the algebra based electricity and magnetism course for life-science majors at the University. 
As the primary instructor, I was in charge of preparing the curriculum, lectures, homework and exams as well as giving the lectures to the students. 
During the lectures, I employed active learning techniques to facilitate interaction between the class and myself.

[Course Syllabus](../../files/summer14_material/103_syllabus.pdf)

## Active Learning
During the lectures, I aimed to get the students directly engaged in the material.
Interspersed through the slides were multiple choice questions.
The students were given several minutes to solve the problems with their neighbors while the TAs and I walked around and pushed struggling groups in the right direction.
After several minutes, the students folded [specially made multiple choice answer pages](../../files/summer14_material/response_card_BW.jpg) to reveal their choice.

Some of the lecture time each week was also devoted to a discussion section.
During these sessions, I would prepare several problems that would be distributed to the students.
The students worked through these packets in groups while the TAs and I helped struggling groups.

## Sample Course Material
I have included some of the material that I prepared for the course below.

- [Example Lecture](../../files/summer14_material/103_example_lecture.pdf)
- [Example Homework](../../files/summer14_material/103_homework_example.pdf)
- [Example Group Work Problems](../../files/summer14_material/group_discussion_problems_example.pdf)

## Anonymous Student Feedback
The University collects student feedback at the end of each semester for each course.
My feedback for the course is below.
